Okay.
So the next thing I want to do is whenever the user clicks the clear filters button, I want to obviously
clear all the checkboxes, but it also makes sense to clear their input.
I want the user to be able to basically start the entire search from scratch.
And you'll notice when I do this right now we do correctly clear the checkboxes in our checkbox group
component, but we do not clear our skills and qualifications.
Search Term.
Now the good news is this is now going to be super simple because we have this logic directly connected
to our view, text or state.
So all we need to do is make sure our view store state is updated, that skills search term property
and if it becomes an empty string, our component will automatically react because it's not using local
components state to track this, it's directly connected to the View store and our component will react,
react and automatically clear this once this skill search term property becomes an empty string.
So with that said, we can transition back to my code editor and I'm going to open up my mutations that
yes.
File on the right hand side.
I'm going to open up my mutations test.
That's valid.
And as a reminder, we have this mutation right here, clear user job filter selections.
And currently all it does is it clears the arrays that are storing the checkboxes.
So all we need to do here is to set our skills search term string back to be an empty string and automatically
our skills components should react to that change and clear its own input, which is connected using
the model to our store state.
So let me first find my test right here.
We have clear user job filter selections and so I want to mimic the real world.
So I'm going to imagine now that my state does have a skills search term that is populated.
So it can be some kind of random skill right here.
And what I expect to happen is after I run this mutation, I expect that I will return this skills search
term property back to its starting state, which is an empty string, a string without characters.
So I'm going to add an extra assertion right here.
I expect my starting state that skills search term to be an empty string.
All right.
And once again, I'm choosing to be, because that is what we use for primitives.
We use to equal four objects, including arrays in jest.
All right.
So I'm going to save that.
And obviously that will fail for the expected reasons.
Right here in my mutation, I'm going to affect or change one more property that is going to be skill
search term.
I'm going to set it back to be an empty string that's going to take care of things on the view side,
which will automatically affect the component which will detect this change and render the input with
the V model.
Okay.
So our test is passing and we can transition back to the browser.
It's right here, starting from scratch.
I can enter something like Java.
Provide a couple values here.
Write a couple values here.
Let's do a couple of values here as well.
And when I press clear filters, I expect that all of this stuff will clear out.
3 to 1.
There we go.
You can see the checkboxes go away and so does the search term, which is connected to our input in
the skills component.
And that is the beautiful part is we do not need to use the subscribe method which we implemented here
because this is directly connected to the bookstore state using two way data binding.
So when the bookstore state updates, so does the component.
And that's the beautiful part.
It's less manual, it's less explicit view takes care of the logic for us.
And that is why our solution in this section where we used a computed function with an object with get
and set methods, is better than our former solution because it's a lot more automatic and automated
for us.
All right.
That's all there is to cover in this lesson.
So I will see you in the next one.